Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Okay. okay. okay. okay...
Okay...
Yes... Yes...
Yes. yes. come on...
Come on. yes! Yes. yes!
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Here we go. here we go.
Okay. Okay. Fuck.
Work. Work. Work.
Standard... Okay...
Standard. can you-
can you hear me?
This is Naren.
And I've. um...
I've been separated.
uh. from the others.
And I think I'm okay.
but I'm not sure
where I. uh...
I've never been out
this far before. so I don't...
Um...
There was this. uh...
I didn't get a good look
at it. but there was. um...
there's something else
in here.
I need you guys.
Okay? I need you guys
to get me. please.
Fuck. I need you guys
to come out and get me.
Can you... can you come.
please. standard?
Standard?
Oh. fuck!
Fuck...
Fuck! Fuck...
Oh. shit... What the fuck?
What the fuck?
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Fuck!
Fuck. fuck. fuck! Fuck!
We all have
our loops. our habits...
...behaviors that keep us
walking in circles...
...reaching
for the same solutions
over and over again.
thinking each time they'll
take you somewhere new.
But they don't.
And still.
it's the neural pathway
of least resistance.
A path you made.
It's the one
that kept you safe
when you were a child.
You learned
to push people away
before they could hurt you.
And now.
as an adult.
you're still stuck
right where you started.
Alone.
I mean. I'm not lonely.
I have employees
and... customers.
I didn't say lonely.
I said alone.
Yeah. well. I mean...
I hurt people.
I don't want to.
It's just the way I'm wired.
So maybe I deserve
to be alone.
Do you think anyone
deserves to be alone?
I don't know. but. you know.
maybe it's not
such a bad thing.
Being alone feels...
deeply ingrained.
I understand.
You've had dreams
and a lot of resistance.
not a lot of support
in realizing those dreams.
And when we've experienced...
hurt again and again.
we start to expect it.
It's like.
"Oh. I know this path.
I know where it goes."
So...
are you interested
in forging a new path
and see where that leads?
Sure. Why not?
You know. I'm here.
Great.
So I want to revisit
an exercise we've done before.
The role play.
-Oh. the acting thing?
-Yeah.
-I feel stupid doing that.
-I know.
But we have a few minutes.
Let's. um...
Yeah. let's try. A little bit.
All right.
Let's set the scene.
Let's go back to the night
that Barbara left you.
You mean the night
she kicked me out
of my own house?
Yeah.
I'm playing myself.
-And I'll be Barbara.
-It is my house. by the way.
I'm the one paying for it.
-I know.
-All right.
Okay. so. um...
I got home late.
I don't know how late.
Uh... She was already asleep.
Maybe midnight.
She usually goes to bed
before... It doesn't matter.
The point is. I was
in the kitchen. and. um...
the glass. I broke the glass.
and she comes running down
to see what happened. and...
things escalated.
And how do you feel?
Well. I was...
I was drunk. and. um...
I-I felt stupid. you know.
I was angry. because...
because I broke the glass.
Can you say that to me?
-Uh. what. to-to Barbara?
-Yeah.
Um... I'm sorry
that I woke you.
Maybe if you'd
come home earlier.
we could have spent
the evening together.
No. I was...
I was working. you know?
I came straight home
after work.
Be honest with me. please.
I can smell it on your breath.
I had a few beers.
Define a few.
Well. it was a hard day.
I needed to wind down.
All you ever do
is wind down.
You're always at the store.
You want kids. right?
-We both do.
-Well. you know...
having a family takes money.
which means
someone has to work.
Unless being
a professional student
is considered a job
these days.
That's not fair. You know
I had to take time off.
Well. it's not my fault
if you can't keep up.
How are you going
to be a lawyer
if you can't even handle
law school?
Who do you think pays
for everything
while you're gallivanting
around campus
like a 30-year-old freshman?
I'll give you a hint: it's me.
I pay for your school. I pay
for your time off school.
I pay for the roof
over your head.
-Can I talk now?
-No! No.
Because I'd like to know.
what do you think happens
if you do manage to graduate?
You know. you pop out a kid.
then leave me with the bill.
Or am I stuck
at home changing diapers because
you're too busy working for
the first time in your life?
-Now you're being cruel.
-I'm being honest.
I thought that's
what you always wanted.
Just because you didn't get to
be an architect doesn't mean--
I am a fucking architect!
God damn it. I'm just stuck
selling shit furniture because
someone won't get off their
fat fucking ass and help me!
How do you feel. Clark?
Who am I talking to?
-Me. here. now.
-You? Okay.
Um...
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to. uh...
...you know. get angry
or lose my temper
or whatever.
I know.
That's the purpose
of the whole exercise.
This is a good start.
To feel what you feel.
and then learn to identify
a new path.
Your reaction was
actually quite normal.
Well. that's me!
Well. ahoy there. mateys!
Tired of spending
your hard-earned doubloons
on overpriced furniture?
Looking for deals
that'll shiver your timbers?
Then come on down
to Cap'n Clark's
Ottoman Empire.
the Santa Clara Valley's
favorite warehouse
and showrooms.
You'll find bedrooms.
living rooms.
dinettes. dens
and bathrooms aplenty.
First-time homeowners?
We've got ya.
New parents looking
for Billy's first crib?
We've got ya!
From the latest
in modern design
to the classic styles
of yesteryear.
it's all here
and it's all a steal.
What's that. Polly?
You're worried about credit?
Ha! Cap'n Clark says
no credit. no problem!
Sail the high seas
of high quality.
and leave your money problems
at the door.
Walk in today
and get your dream
sectional lounger.
kitchen table. floor lamp.
and bed frame here
at Cap'n Clark's
Ottoman Empire.
located at Capitol and McKee.
just off the 680.
Arr! Walk in today...
...kick your feet back.
and enjoy an empire
of your own!
For every sultan
deserves a throne.
and we've got one
with your name on it.
here at Cap'n Clark's--
No way!
-Clark. you good?
-Turn the camera off.
No. no. it's good.
It's outtake stuff. dude.
-Turn the fucking camera off.
-Okay... Jesus...
You. uh. you need help?
No. I got it. I got it.
Um...
-Are we going again. or...?
-No.
Kat. you can open
the store now.
We've been open.
You know. dude.
I still don't get it.
Are you. like.
a pirate or a sultan?
-Just be good to establish it.
-I'm a... Shut up.
Piece of cheap
particleboard bullshit.
Clear this stuff up. will you?
Here.
Sorry about that.
How's it looking?
Meter reads fine.
If your bill's coming in high.
that's on you.
What about the outages?
That happens after hours.
Don't know. Fluorescents
must be tripping a breaker.
I turn the overheads off
when the store closes.
before the power gets weird.
Anyway. wouldn't that
just make the bills go down?
Where's your breaker box?
I'm no expert.
but I checked earlier.
and everything looks okay.
-You said the lights flicker.
-Yeah. the whole store does.
-Huh.
-Just not at the same time.
One night.
I lose the power upstairs.
Next night. it's down here.
There's no rhyme or...
Who the hell installed
this thing?
Well. the building came wired.
I mean. it's dated.
but it's not that old.
Take a look at this.
That wasn't there before.
Or... maybe I didn't notice.
Like I say. I'm no expert.
Why-why is it...
why is it going that way?
Better question:
what is it even connected to?
Huh?
Kat! How's the power?
What?
Anything happen up there?
Damn...
The rat's back.
-But the power's on.
-Yeah.
I thought we killed the rat.
We killed  a  rat.
-So is this the problem?
-Don't see how.
Power can't even go through
this part of the circuit.
It's just...
there.
Like some schmo
just stuck it in there.
Yeah.
Do you ever feel
like you're living
behind glass?
Watching life happen.
but never really
stepping into it?
Maybe it's time
to open the window within.
You can be
the author of your own design
because we all deserve
another chance
to fulfill our dreams.
The moment you believe
change is possible.
you've already begun.
Order  The Window Within
and the companion
three-part audio program.
Guided Openings.
by Dr. Mary Klein.
Available now
for $24.95 plus shipping.
Call 1-800-555-0199.
It's never
too late to forge a new path.
So. you're
still trusting paper folders.
mislabeled tapes.
and a locked filing cabinet
that anyone
with a spare key can open?
Your business runs
on information.
yet most companies treat
their data like clutter...
That small blip
is not an asteroid.
It's a spaceship.
and it's on our tail.
-It's getting closer.
-Impossible. Rigna.
They couldn't have spotted us.
We have our radar shield on.
I know that. sir.
but they are gaining on us.
Is it possible
Earth has a secret device
that can penetrate
our radar shield?
Piece of shit.
Why did you
do this to yourself?
How did you get here?
Your consciousness
is a room full of memories
that is constantly evolving.
But as you walk through life.
the untrained mind
can start to build walls.
put up barriers
to protect itself
from the outside world.
It's a natural response.
Something we are
often unaware of.
But if gone unchecked.
it can leave you
feeling trapped.
You can become convinced
that the world outside
is better off without you.
That you never deserve
the relationships you've had.
Resigned to watch
your life unfold
from behind a lone window.
I can help you open it now
because the window
isn't locked.
The latch was never broken.
Are you ready to step through?
So that you can reclaim that
which was once yours...
and take back control
of your life.
The life you want
to be living.
Unburdened
by the traumas of the past.
Free of the confines
you had built.
...to leave.
and so I decided...
And free to choose
a path of your own design.
Well. hey there.
cowboys and cowgirls!
Are you looking
to rustle up the best deals
this side of the Rio Grande?
Prick.
Well. yeehaw. I say yeehaw!
Here at Big Wayne's.
our dining room sets
are gonna make you feel
like you just struck gold.
So don't even think
about going anyplace else.
Big Wayne's.
just look for the golden--
What the...
Stupid... Fuck! Piece of shit!
Gok wai hou maa?
Zuk gok wai ping on gin
hong faai lok.
Zdrávstvuyte! Privétstvuyu Vas!
Bonjour tout le monde.
Naykaungg parsalarr?
Shalom.
Hola y saludos a todos.
Selamat malam hadirin sekalian.
selamat berpisah...
Hello?
...dilain waktu.
Kay pachamamta niytapas maytapas
rimapallasta runasimipi.
Aao ji. jee aya nu.
Salvete quicumque estis;
bonam erga
vos voluntatem habemus.
et pacem per astra ferimus.
Hartelijke groeten aan iedereen.
Herzliche Gü e an alle.
Assalamu alaikum.
Hum zameen ke rehne
waalon ki taraf se
aap ko khush aamdeed
kehte hain.
What the fuck?
Konnichiwa. O genki desu ka?
Dharati ke waasiyon ki
or se namaskar.
Lechyd da i chi yn awr.
ac yn oesoedd.
Tanti auguri e saluti.
Siya nibingelela maqhawe
sinifisela inkonzo ende.
Reani lumelisa marela.
Tsoh na da ka hoa.
Bolor anonts' vor ky gtnuin
tiezergi
migamatsut'iwnen andin.
voghjoynner.
Annyeong haseyo.
Mypone kaboutu noose.
Mulibwanji imwe boonse
bantu bakumwamba.
Peresylayemo pryvit
iz nashoho svitu.
bazhayemo shchastya.
zdorov'ya I mnohaya lita.
Musulayo mutya abantu
bensi eno mukama
abawe emirembe bulijo.
Thài-khong pêng-iú. lín-hó.
Hello?
Hello from
the children of Planet Earth.
Hoitines pot'este chairete!
Paz e felicidade a todos.
Gok wai hou maa? Zuk gok wai...
Ooh...
Kay pachamamta niytapas
maytapas rimapallasta
runasimipi.
Aao ji. jee aya nu.
Salvete quicumque estis;
bonam erga vos voluntatem
habemus.
et pacem per astra ferimus.
Hartelijke groeten aan iedereen.
Herzliche Gü e an alle.
Assalamu alaikum.
Hum zameen ke rehne waalon ki
taraf se aap ko khush
aamdeed kehte hain.
Konnichiwa. O genki desu ka?
Dharati
ke waasiyon ki or se namaskar.
Lechyd
da i chi yn awr. ac yn oesoedd.
Tanti auguri e saluti.
Siya
nibingelela maqhawe sinifisela
inkonzo ende.
Reani lumelisa marela.
Tsoh na
da ka hoa. Tsoh na da ka hoa.
Bolor anont' vor ky gtnuin
tiezergi
migamatsu'iwnen andin.
voghjoynner.
Annyeong haseyo.
Mypone kaboutu noose.
Hälsningar fån
en dataprogrammerare
i den lilla universitetsstaden
Ithaca å planeten Jorden.
Mulibwanji imwe boonse bantu...
Anyone there?
Oh. fuck...
Okay. Okay...
Bonjour tout le monde.
Naykaungg parsalarr?
Shalom.
Hola y saludos a todos.
Selamat malam hadirin sekalian.
selamat berpisah dan sampai
bertemu lagi dilain waktu.
Kay pachamamta
niytapas maytapas
rimapallasta runasimipi.
Aao ji. jee aya nu.
Salvete quicumque estis;
bonam erga
vos voluntatem habemus.
et pacem per astra ferimus.
Hartelijke groeten aan iedereen.
Herzliche Gü e an alle.
Assalamu alaikum.
Hum zameen ke rehne waalon ki
taraf se aap ko khush
aamdeed kehte hain.
Sorry I'm late.
Traffic was hell.
and I couldn't leave early.
Let's just use
the time we have.
How are you today. Clark?
How do I look?
Fine. A little tired. maybe.
I look like shit.
Can I ask. and there is
no wrong answer here.
you know that...
Are you intoxicated right now?
Why you say it like that?
Like what?
I haven't had a drink
since Friday.
It's probably why
I look like shit.
-Can I ask you something?
-Sure.
You ever 5150'd someone?
A few times over the years.
when it was necessary.
Wh-wha-what makes it
necessary?
If I believe that the person
is a danger
to themselves or others.
or they're gravely disabled.
Okay. Okay.
Um...
I found something
in the store.
Okay. What did you find?
Uh...
A place. I f...
I found a place.
A place?
Yeah. It's like. um...
It's like the store
just. uh...
continues. I guess.
It's like...
you know. like there's a wall
and on the other side
of the wall.
the store just keeps going.
you know.
like-like a...
like a copy of itself.
I-I-I figure they're using
mirrors or something
to hide the entrance.
I don't know.
Sorry. I'm not following you.
Is this a room
you didn't know about before?
No.
Okay. so y-y-you go in
and. uh. at first
it just looks like a-
like an office building.
Like a... like a huge
office building. you know?
And then. uh...
But then you-you keep going.
and then-then you realize
th-th-that none of it
makes any sense.
It's-it's like. um...
Imagine describing a dog
to someone
who's never seen one before
and then asking them
to draw it.
They might get
some things right. you know.
but there's no way
they'd get everything right.
You know.
the devil's in the details.
So from a distance.
you look at it.
you think you're seeing a dog.
but then you look clos--
Why are you
looking at me like that?
I'm just trying to understand.
Oh.
You know. for a shrink.
you got a terrible poker face.
What you're saying
might sound fantastical.
but not dangerous.
Are there any people
in these offices?
Not that I've seen.
You know. I hear. um...
There's footsteps. an-an-and
stuff gets moved around
when I'm not looking.
I know how this sounds.
but you've got to understand.
it's massive in there.
Like New-York's-subway-system
massive. you know.
For all I know.
there's hundreds of people.
I just haven't seen them.
Look.
You see? It's like a...
It's like a maze.
It just goes on and on and on.
Sometimes I'm scared
I'll get lost.
Why do you think no one else
has found this place?
I don't know.
The entrance is
on the subfloor.
so the whole structure is
probably underground.
you know?
It's not on any city maps.
The entrances are hidden.
so who'd think to look?
I'm not saying
I don't believe you...
but you told me yourself
you haven't had a drink
since Friday.
-Do you think there is a--
-Okay.
-Clark--
-No. no.
-If this is true--
-Yeah. I get it. Thank you.
You know. I'm gonna
come back here with proof
and you're gonna owe me
a serious fucking apology.
Kat!
Jesus. goddamn.
I'm coming! I'm coming!
-Hey.
-Cap'n Clark?
-Um...
-Wait. wait. wait. wait. Kat?
-I'm coming.
-Kat!
Okay. I'm coming!
Look--
-What the fuck?
Yeah. I'm sorry. uh...
What are you guys doing
tomorrow?
What are you talking about?
I'll pay you.
Two hours. Overtime. Tops.
Okay. pay us for what?
Research.
You got the camera. right?
You can-you can
borrow it again...
Right?
Okay. we are rolling.
We got. um.
some shit over here.
We got some stop signs
and. uh... a rope.
What's the rope for?
Supplies.
Oh. great.
he's gonna tie us up.
No. we're gonna tie
ourselves up.
Hmm. Kinky.
What the fuck?
Uh. you still haven't told us
what we're doing here.
man.
I did tell you. Research.
These are supplies. and we're
using them for research.
It's not that hard
to understand.
Okay. research for what?
Y-you gotta be
more specific. dude.
I'm gonna go through the door.
What door?
That's the door.
I taped an outline
on the other side. too.
just to help us find
our way back.
-Bobby?
-What?
Look. I know it sounds crazy.
but follow my lead.
Okay?
I want to be back
before sunup.
Dude. it's like 9 p.m.
What the fuck are you talk--
-What the fuck! Clark?!
-What the fuck?
-How did you do that?
-Dude. did you...
Did you fucking see that?!
H-how did he. um...
I'm right here.
Come see for yourself.
What the fuck?
D-did you just fucking...
What? How the f...
Bobby. stop.
What are you doing?
-What the fuck?!
-Clark. where are you?
Ha! Hey. did you...
did you see that?
-Where the fuck did he go?
-Yes. Bobby. I saw it!
Oh! Where the f--
Just step through
the door. you'll be fine!
What?! No!
Tell us what is going on!
You know what. just...
No. Bobby. wait! Bobby!
Wait. what are you doing?
Bobby!
What the fuck?!
Dude!
Dude. how is this possible?
-Bobby! Clark!
-Okay...
Where are you?
What the fuck is back there?
No. no. no. Kat.
it's good. it's good.
J-just. you gotta
come see this.
I mean... Right. you see...
You see. it's. um...
-It's fine.
-Clark. what is this?
-Where are we?
-Oh!
That's what I'm trying
to figure out.
Whose. um...
Whose shit is this?
Is it-is it...
is it part of your store?
If it belongs to someone.
-I haven't met them yet.
-Okay...
I've been in here every night
since I found the place.
and I still barely scratched
the surface.
Come on. I'll show you.
It only gets better.
-What the fuck...
-Hey. Hey.
You don't think he. like.
dosed us or something. do you?
What? No. no. no.
We're not on drugs.
I think I'd be able to tell
if I was high.
You are high!
Pot doesn't count.
So. um. it's like...
what. like an empty
office building?
In here? Sure.
But it's like it was made
by a bunch of construction
workers on acid.
There's even a pool!
There's a pool?
Yeah. I mean. kind of.
Keep up.
"Pots." What the fuck?
Yeah. no. no. that's
the way I went last time.
Yeah. when I was looking for
a staircase down or something.
Only thing I found so far
is basically more of a...
Okay...
I don't know.
it's like a ramp. really.
It's. uh... It's up here.
We'll be at it
in a minute.
Okay...
How many floors
does it go down?
Is this not technically...
Okay.
All right. you filming?
-Yeah.
-All right.
I don't see why Bobby
has to be the one to go.
-I want to.
-He's the one with the camera.
Well. it's not
like it's attached.
Yeah. well. I mean.
to my student ID.
yeah. it kinda is.
Any trouble. just give a tug.
and I'll pull you up. okay?
Trouble?
Clark. what fucking trouble?
There's not going to be
any trouble.
Babe. babe. babe. it's good.
-No. hey--
-It's good. I'm good.
Baby. you don't have
to do this.
No. it's cool. I-I just want
to see what's down there.
-Are you not curious?
-This is stupid!
-Just go as far as you can.
-No. look. look. look!
You can basically
walk down without a rope.
It's fine.
and it's not even steep.
Okay.
Okay. just don't...
just one thing.
If I don't come back. you'll
tell my mom I love her. right?
-Okay.
-All right. okay.
All right. just take it slow.
Okay.
Oh. it is
actually kind of steep.
-You good?
-Yeah.
-Just. uh... try not to drop me.
-All right.
Tell me
how much you need.
Whoa... Careful!
What the... Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Fuck! Aah...
What the fuck
are you guys doing up there?
Sorry. sorry!
It was stuck
around the leg of the bed!
-Are you okay?
-Yeah. Yeah. I'm fine.
Jesus fucking Christ...
Just keep letting me down!
All right. Here we go.
Okay. I'm in.
See anything?
Ugh...
Uh. it's just...
It's a bunch of laundry
and shit.
What do you mean?
Clothes?
Yeah. it just
fucking stinks down here.
See anything else?
Yeah. just. uh...
Just give me a minute.
Okay.
Oh. god...
What the fuck?
Bobby?
Yeah.
Just checking
that you're okay.
Yeah. I'm fine. Just. um...
Okay...
Yeah.
Okay.
What the fuck...?
Bobby? Come back up!
I don't like this!
Hey! Uh...
Let some more line out!
I can't!
It's as far as it goes.
Fuck...
Fuck! Pull me up!
Bobby! What is it?
-Fuck!
-What do you see?
What the fuck is it?
Pull him up!
-I am! Jesus Christ!
-Fuck!
Pull harder!
Pull. man!
What the fuck!
It's getting caught
on my feet!
-I can't pull--
-Fucking pull harder!
Clark. hurry up!
Almost here! Almost here.
babe. just a little more!
-Pull him up!
-What did you see?
There's. uh.
there's someone down there.
-We've got you. What?
-Fuck.
Slow down. just breathe.
Baby. it's okay.
Just get this shit
off me. man. Fuck. Jesus.
-It's okay. It's okay.
-What did you see?
-Here. Hey. deep breath.
-What kind of knot is this?
Deep breath--
-What the fuck?!
-Whoa. whoa. whoa!
-Help us! Clark!
-Hold on!
-Okay. okay. okay!
-Help. you fucking asshole!
-Let me get it!
-Untie me. man!
What the hell
are you doing. Clark?
-I can't!
-Hurry. Clark!
-I'm trying. I'm trying!
-FUCK!
Don't let go!
-Hold on!
-Fuck! Don't let me go!
-Don't let me go!
-Let me get at--
BOBBY!
NO! KAT. NO!
Bobby!
BOBBY!
What are we doing?
We need to... Clark!
Bobby! No! No! No!
Ow... KAT! Kat...
Bobby!
Bobby! No!
Kat!
Oh. fuck...
Oh. no. no. no. no. no! No!
Kat?!
Kat?
Hello?
Stay back!
Get away from me!
Clark? CLARK! I'm here...
I'm here!
It's gonna come back.
Please. Clark.
please let me in!
-Kat?
-Let me in!
Wh-wh-where are you?
We have to go now. Clark!
We have to go.
It's gonna come back.
it's gonna find me!
Kat! Kat? Uh... Wait. I don't
understand. Wh-where are you?
Please. let me the fuck in!
But it's a...
it's-it's a wall!
How can-how can you see me?
I'm on the other side
of the glass.
-How can you see...?
-How can you not see me?
What glass?! What the fuck
are you talking about?
Wh-what are you talk--
Okay. can you see anything
on your side?
Can you see a handle. a door?
Is there a hatch. anything?
No. no. no. no...
Uh... Okay. Let me figure
this out. okay? Just hold on.
Hold on. okay?
It's just...
-Clark?
-No. no. just let me...
-Clark!
-Just hold on!
-Let me figure this out!
-CLARK!
-Let me figure this out...
-Clark! Clark!
Clark. behind you!
Mary!
Mary...
what were you thinking?
I never. ever.
ever said
you could go outside.
It's no good.
They're all over the place.
Hi.
you've reached Dr. Mary Klein.
I'm not able
to answer the call.
so please leave a message.
and I'll get back to you
as soon as I can.
Mary...
I opened the window.
I won't be coming back.
Please!
Save us!
All right! I'll do it!
I'll save you! I will do it!
Don't die!
I don't know
where that hand's been.
Well. ahoy there. mateys!
Now. according to me map.
we've landed
on the crystal shores
of a bountiful land.
a land filled
with great deals.
So drop your anchors
and come on down
to Cap'n Clark's
Ottoman Empire.
Get lost in an endless sea
of quality tables. chairs.
couches. and bedroom sets.
Need bed bunks
for the scallywagses quarters?
W've got it all!
And at prices so low
you'll think
that yo're robbing me!
Hello?
Clark?
Clark. can you hear me?
You found it.
Why are you hiding?
You were being too loud.
Where are we?
It's...
...every place that ever was.
How long have you been here?
What was that?
Stay calm.
It's only me.
You know me.
I'm sorry.
This is for your own good.
As you walk through life.
the untrained mind
accumulates loops. habits...
...behaviors that keep you
drifting in circles.
creating the same problems.
reaching
for the same solutions
over and over again.
Still. it's the neural pathway
of least resistance.
The one I made.
The one that kept me safe...
when I was a child.
You know...
I learned to push people away
before they could hurt me.
And. now. as an adult.
I'm still stuck
right where I started.
Alone.
What is this?
It's a real mess.
Am I right?
Clark...
...let me help you...
before you do anything
you can't take back.
Answer the question.
Yes. it's a real mess.
But also beautiful in a way.
No?
Who are these people?
This place builds them.
Oh. actually.
more like it remembers them.
And the more times
it remembers something.
the less it does.
Somewhere out there
is a guy in a striped shirt.
but. in here. he's...
remembered.
Just slightly wrong.
Somewhere out there is a man
in a wheelchair. and a lamp.
I'm pretty sure that's
how you get all of this.
You know. all these places
and rooms and buildings
misremembering themselves.
Clark...
let's talk this through.
In some ways...
they're an improvement
on the originals.
For starters.
they can't feel anything.
Can you imagine
how good that must feel?
I mean...
...there's no thoughts
or pain. no ego. no fear.
They simply...
exist.
Like... like furniture!
Look at this.
The best part.
You can eat them!
That's my. uh...
assistant manager.
I tried to help her.
but she just. uh...
Clark!
If you untie me.
we can talk this through.
get you feeling better.
Yeah. well.
what if I did untie you?
You know. what then?
You'd run around here
like a chicken
with its head cut off.
looking for a way out.
But you'd end up in
the same place you are now.
Like the path thing
you're always talking about.
Clark!
I just want to help you.
Just tell me what you need.
I'll-I'll-I'll do it.
Yeah?
Yeah. Yes. please.
Okay.
Well. I want you to tell me
that I didn't do
anything wrong. you know.
that-that you were wrong
about me.
I was wrong about you! I was.
-I was wrong about you.
-No. no. not-not like that.
Not... not so fast. okay?
I mean. I wanna...
I want to set the scene first!
Let's start. um...
well. the night that. uh...
that I got kicked out
of my own house.
Yeah?
It was. um... It was late.
A lot darker.
Uh...
Lights. please.
I tried this exercise
with her before.
It doesn't go anywhere.
Fine!
I'll do it myself.
It's still my house after all.
Yeah.
Thank you. Much better.
But there's...
still...
something off.
Clark. please...
No. please. don't. don't...!
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I...
broke the glass
and woke you up.
I know how you like
to sleep early.
I was at the store late.
I guess I lost track
of the time.
I was checking inventory.
But...
I stopped off for a few beers.
-Clark--
-Barbara!
I was checking inventory.
Then I stopped off
for a few beers.
Defi-define a few.
As many as I wanted.
Because this is my house.
I pay for it.
I pay for everything.
I pay for you to go to school.
I pay for your time
off school!
I pay for the roof
over your head!
You want kids. right?
Well. that takes money.
So someone has to work
around here.
I said someone has
to get off her fat ass
and work around here!
Just because you didn't get
to be an architect don--
I am a fucking architect.
I'm just stuck selling
shit furniture because someone
won't get off her fat
fucking ass and help me!
-I'm not your wife!
-Stay in character.
Stay in character!
-I've never even met her!
-STAY IN CHARACTER!
FUCK YOU!
What did you say?
You wanna know the real reason
your wife left you?
It wasn't the drinking.
or the stumbling home
at all hours. or the rage.
It was the whining!
Nothing's ever your fault.
is it?
You drink too much?
Blame your job.
You hate your job?
Blame the world.
You get kicked out
of the house?
Blame your wife.
You attack me and tie me up?
Blame your brain!
You are your fucking brain.
you dipshit!
-You're saying it's my fault?
-Yes!
But it's just the way
you're wired. isn't it?
ISN'T IT?!
How do I stop doing that?
Honestly.
I have no fucking idea.
I can't help you. Clark.
As much as I tried.
It's just not up to me.
I can't save anyone.
You know...
I don't think
I want to change.
Then don't.
I like it in here.
For the first time
in a long time.
I feel like I'm...
like I'm right where
I'm supposed to be.
Then stay.
Right where you are.
But let me go.
I'm sorry.
About what?
What are you doing in here?
This is Mary.
She's our therapist.
She was just leaving.
No. no.
You don't have to worry.
She says
we don't need to change.
It's okay.
It's just the way we're wired.
Musulayo mutya abantu bensi eno
mukama abawe emirembe bulijo.
Üdözletet ülünk magyar...
No...
Hello from
the children of Planet Earth.
Paz e felicidade a todos.
Zdrávstvuyte! Privétstvuyu Vas!
Bonjour tout le monde.
Are you okay?
Who the fuck is that?
Who is it?
What happened?
What about the pirate?
Can you still see the pirate?
And the other guys?
Still going out the back?
Musulayo mutya abantu bensi eno
mukama abawe emirembe bulijo.
Thài-khong pêng-iú. lín-hó.
Üdözletet ülünk magyar
nyelven minden békét szereö
lénynek aVilágegyetemen.
Hello from
the children of Planet Earth.
Hello. my name is Phil.
And you're Mary. yeah?
Uh... I was hoping to ask you
a few questions. just for...
some clarification on our end.
if that's okay.
Uh. first thing. um...
could you establish
how you. uh...
got in here?
I walked through a wall
in the basement
of a furniture store.
Hmm.
Can you confirm that this is
the location in question?
Okay. good.
So you were shopping. or...
I was looking for someone.
Um...
were you looking for this man.
right here?
Where am I right now?
Could you just confirm for me?
Is this man right here
the man you were looking for?
Please.
-Sorry. what was your name?
-Phil.
Please. Phil. Where am I?
I'm not...
I make. um... Sorry. my...
Our company. we make...
MRI machines.
Or... I should say. um.
we used to make
MRI machines.
Not anymore.
That was before we...
-Before we found--
-You've been there.
Yes. I have.
And now. it's my job.
Every day. I-I go in there
and I just try to f...
try to find out ev-even
a little bit more.
I-I map out areas
to the best of my ability.
And more and more.
I'm convinced
that nothing
in our lifetime. Mary.
n-nothing in-in maybe
all of recorded history
means more than this.
But I don't understand it.
I don't...
I-I can't even describe it.
It...
It's like describing a dog
to someone
who's never seen a dog.
And then asking them
to draw it.
Now you want me
to... describe it.
And then you'll write it down.
and then what?
-Mary--
-You'll let me go?
We all want
the same thing here.
We do.
We just want to find out
even a little bit more.
What's gonna happen
to me. Phil?
That decision's not up to me.
So...
if we could just talk.
just you and me.
you know. just like...
just like two regular people.
We could unpack some of this.
we've both been in there.
and-and-and get
on the same page.
There are doors
opening everywhere.
We don't know why
or what's connecting them.
They sort of keep happening.
and we don't know
how to stop them.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm